.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- If your PR fixes an open issue, use `Closes #999` to link your PR with the issue. #999 stands for the issue number you are fixing -->

# Fixes Issue

( This could be an existing issue or a linear ticket )
<!-- Github Issue Example: Closes #31 -->
<!-- Linear Ticket Example: Fixes ID-221 -->

**My PR Closes #issue_number_here** or
**My PR Fixes ID-linear_ticket_number_here**

# Changes proposed

## What were you told to do ?

<!-- Write the title of the issue/feature you are working on -->

## What did you do ?

<!-- Talk about the things you did eg. files changes, dependencies installed e.t.c -->

# Check List (Check all the applicable boxes)

<!-- Mark all the applicable boxes. To mark the box as done follow the following conventions -->

<!--
[x] - Correct; marked as done
[X] - Correct; marked as done

[ ] - Not correct; marked as **not** done
-->

- [] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [] This PR does not contain plagiarized content.
- [] The title and description of the PR is clear and explains the approach.

# Screenshots/ Videos

<!-- If the changes are static page cahnges or UI changes add screenshots -->
<!-- If the changes involve implementing a functionality or working with apis, include a video 
detailing how to implement the functionality and the request to the api and responses from the api endpoint-->
<!-- Add all the screenshots/videos which support your changes -->

Commit message:

fix: update pull request template

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- If your PR fixes an open issue, use `Closes #999` to link your PR with the issue. #999 stands for the issue number you are fixing -->

# Fixes Issue

( This could be an existing issue or a linear ticket )
<!-- Github Issue Example: Closes #31 -->
<!-- Linear Ticket Example: Fixes ID-221 -->

**My PR Closes #issue_number_here** or
**My PR Fixes ID-linear_ticket_number_here**

# Changes proposed

## What were you told to do ?

<!-- Write the title of the issue/feature you are working on -->

## What did you do ?

<!-- Talk about the things you did eg. files changes, dependencies installed e.t.c -->

# Check List (Check all the applicable boxes)

🚨Please review the [style guide for contributing](https://github.com/zurichat/zc_main/blob/dev/docs/STYLING.md) and [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/zurichat/zc_main/blob/dev/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repository.

<!-- Mark all the applicable boxes. To mark the box as done follow the following conventions -->

<!--
[x] - Correct; marked as done
[X] - Correct; marked as done

[ ] - Not correct; marked as **not** done
-->

- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] This PR does not contain plagiarized content.
- [ ] The title and description of the PR is clear and explains the approach.
- [ ] I am making a pull request against the **dev branch** (left side).
- [ ] My commit messages styles matches our requested structure.
- [ ] My code additions will fail neither code linting checks nor unit test.
- [ ] I am only making changes to files I was requested to.

# Screenshots/ Videos

<!-- If the changes are static page cahnges or UI changes add screenshots -->
<!-- If the changes involve implementing a functionality or working with apis, include a video 
detailing how to implement the functionality and the request to the api and responses from the api endpoint-->
<!-- Add all the screenshots/videos which support your changes -->
